Improve docs around packages and versions (#1054)
neo4j/neo4j-javascript-driver: packages/neo4j-driver-lite/README.md

> # Neo4j Driver for JavaScript (lite)

Reviewer: I am unsure about the placement of `(lite)`: as it is, it looks like it refers to Javascript. Maybe `Neo4j Lite Driver for JavaScript`, or `Neo4j Driver Lite for JavaScript`? Applies a bit everywhere in this PR. 
Feel free to resolve with no action.

Author: I've update with the `Neo4j lite driver` name

> # Neo4j Driver for JavaScript (lite)

Author: ```suggestion
# Neo4j Lite Driver for JavaScript
```

This is the lite version of the official Neo4j driver for JavaScript.

> This version of driver has the same capabilities of the Neo4j Driver except for the support reactive session.

Reviewer 2: Slight grammar correction:

This version of _the_ driver has the same capabilities _as_ the Neo4j Driver except for the support _of_ reactive _sessions_

> This version of driver has the same capabilities of the Neo4j Driver except for the support reactive session.

Author: ```suggestion
This version of the driver has the same capabilities as the Neo4j Driver except for the support of reactive sessions.
```
